# seekr

Sun 1 Feb 2026 20:22:15 EST
I've been way too focused on just pumping out as many features as possible, and I kind of lost track of the vision. I think I needed to re-center. I need to take the time to re-evaluate what the goal of this entire thing is and then make sure my features all serve that goal.

- Match score based on only saved jobs (Manually added ones)
- Market intelligence (What the market wants vs what you already have), could be shown as a threejs thingy or a graphic in a windirstat style
- Main Dashboard shows overall fit with the market with the graphic,
  - windirstat on top with the overall matchscore
  - graph on the bottom with progress over time
  - Basically should hold insight from all main tabs and should be able to click on see more to get to the others so something like "biggest skill gaps" should lead to the skill gap page. Then in the skill gap page you should be able to analyse where your skills are lacking. (Although I'm not quite sure how to integrate that or make it seamless)
  - Project section is for finding projects AND enhancing the ones you already have so the smart thing would probably be to have a chat bot which gives you a recommendation then asks you questions about the kinds of projects you're interested in. Maybe it textually just gives you options + analysis about what you have and what you lack then you can go back and forth about those skills in particular. hummm I'm not sure because a chat bot can get expensive.
  - Then honestly that's a good chunk of value right there but I'm not sure it's enough value to make someone stick to the service. What else am I providing for value ? Should I go all in on market intelligence or should I go all in on projects I'm really unsure about what to do next.
  - Maybe another smart thing might be to link to their leetcode or their codeforces and get their history that way you can tell how frequently they do leetcode. Hummm I think the main point of this entire app should be to track alignment between jobseekers and the market. So the main focus should be on analysing the user's skills and checking how well they align with market demand.

Sat 31 Jan 2026 22:50:02 EST
Tomorrow: I'm goind to need to:

- Make sure the AI insights work on scraped jobs too.
- Make the UI nicer man
- Maybe change the color scheme I dont know man.
- Figure out Where KSill Gap Analysis fits into all of this.
- Skill gap analysis refactor the scroll.
- Make sure the "manage roles" works in all of them.
- Take out the "next best move in skill gap"
- Take out AI Adbisor in the dashboard.
- Find something which can be a wow factor in the dashboard (Maybe something 3d I don't know)
- After I refactor all the other things, the dashboard is goign to need a complete revamp because it's a messssssss

---

Fri 30 Jan 2026 15:36:13 EST

## Notes on Content Creation

Batch Creating ?

- When planning a piece of content plan:

- Hook: something which appeals to target user's

- Don't automate posts

Storytelling:

- All great stories are a dance between context and conflict.

context on situation -> conflict -> resolution -> context -> conflict -> ...

Format:

- When you've got beats make sure you have "but" and "therefore" NEVER "and then" because then it sounds like you're piling on details on details on details
  Rythm:
- Vary sentence length otherwise it sounds monotonous.

- Pacing, make sure there's enough time for text to be read and that there's a change of scene / change of angle every few seconds

- Try to write and film videos as if you're talking to a close friend. act like you

Writing:
Figure out the end of your script before you write the video. The last line is a setup for the first line

- Where do you wanna take the viewer
- Where do you want it to take the user

Story Lenses:

- Your unique angle or spin on a story

Hooks:

- First line should be as punchy and indicative of the magic for the reel
- VISUAL HOOKS ARE BETTER THAN WORD HOOKS

Fri 30 Jan 2026 13:26:00 EST
Ask someone about topics in compsci

Tomorrow: Post about UottaHack

3 Reels a week about what I post on Linkedin

3 Linkedin Posts a week.

Thu 29 Jan 2026 21:13:13 EST

## Linkedin Growth:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMm9bYTTeJs

1. Developing story

- Keep it Genuine
- Genuine, show the failures and where it led.
  Be Clear about who you are
  Be Consistent about the story
  be C. haha

Pillars:

- Building in Public
- The Balance of Building with AI and learning at the same time. (AI tools etc.)
- The power of consistency ?? idk
- (Find Another)

What should I do ? Make a post about one of the pillars

### Be Polarizing

- Find a sweetspot between mainstream and crazy. That's where the content lives

2. Perfecting Profile

3. Growing

4. Strategies to grow

5. Commenting

6. Video

Thu 29 Jan 2026 12:13:08 EST

Main challenges right now:

- No Clear WOW moment in users (A clear moment where users can say "wow I didnt know I could do that") or where insight genuinely gives value to a user. I need to reduce the friction between when the user gets those moments and when they get insight
-

When they arrive the first time:

- Enter Resume (For Parsing)
- Link GitHub (Optional can skip)
- Chose the roles that interest you.

Get direct score with skills which are underrepresented.

My Jobs Section

---
